https://github.com/accimeesterlin/mernapp_youtube
https://github.com/accimeesterlin/mernapp_youtube/blob/master/routes/api.js
https://github.com/accimeesterlin/mernapp_youtube/blob/master/models/blogPost.js
https://github.com/accimeesterlin/mernapp_youtube/blob/master/server.js

https://reactjs.org/docs/state-and-lifecycle.html

https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon
https://www.npmjs.com/package/concurrently#usage
https://www.npmjs.com/package/cors


https://medium.com/@bretdoucette/understanding-this-setstate-name-value-a5ef7b4ea2b4


////////////////////////////////////////////////////
How to render one component in another component in React JS?
https://www.golangprograms.com/how-to-render-one-component-in-another-component-in-react-js.html



how to use react-router
https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/react-router-tutorial/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/34607841/react-router-nav-bar-example


how to use react-router-dom
https://v5.reactrouter.com/web/guides/quick-start
how to use react-router-dom updated
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63124161/attempted-import-error-switch-is-not-exported-from-react-router-dom?rq=1


React: How to show a different component on click
https://flaviocopes.com/react-show-different-component-on-click/


bootstrap con react 
https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-use-bootstrap-with-react-a354715d1121/


react-bootstrap library
https://react-bootstrap.github.io/getting-started/introduction/
How to Use Bootstrap Carousel in React
https://dzone.com/articles/how-to-use-bootstrap-carousel-in-reactjs


Layout Component and why we use it in React
https://dev.to/olenadrugalya/layout-component-and-why-we-use-it-in-react-d8b
Design Page Layout and Styling in React Application â€” Part 3
https://medium.com/@nutanbhogendrasharma/design-page-layout-and-styling-in-react-application-part-3-448d70263f70


bootstrap navigation bars 
https://www.codeply.com/go/kTGlK9Axdk
padding and margin navbar items
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48068539/how-to-add-space-inbetween-nav-items-in-bootstrap


responsible table 
https://www.w3schools.com/bootstrap/bootstrap_tables.asp


Declarative routing for React
https://bestofreactjs.com/repo/ReactTraining-react-router-react-code-design


A guide to using React Router v6 in React apps
https://blog.logrocket.com/react-router-v6/


////
react-router-dom routes with parameters
https://ui.dev/react-router-url-parameters/
https://www.better.dev/route-parameters-with-react-router
////


////
react-router-dom useParams() inside class component
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58548767/react-router-dom-useparams-inside-class-component
////


Props vs State
https://reactjs.org/docs/faq-state.html
https://github.com/uberVU/react-guide/blob/master/props-vs-state.md


select-option handler (dropdown menu)
https://blog.hubspot.com/website/html-dropdown
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/59636806/react-router-link-in-select-option
//////https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28868071/onchange-event-using-react-js-for-drop-down//////


schema in one mongoose to another mongoose model
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19474712/mongoose-and-multiple-database-in-single-node-js-project



//// ajax directamente en react 
FormData
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FormData
Using FormData Objects
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/FormData/Using_FormData_Objects#submitting_forms_and_uploading_files_via_ajax_without_formdata_objects
Using XMLHttpRequest
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest/Using_XMLHttpRequest
////

File uploading in React.js
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/file-uploading-in-react-js/


//// auth0
https://developer.okta.com/blog/2019/03/06/simple-user-authentication-in-react
https://auth0.com/blog/complete-guide-to-react-user-authentication/
https://dev.to/terrierscript/example-for-auth0-and-react-hooks-41e4
https://blog.bitsrc.io/6-reasons-to-use-react-hooks-instead-of-classes-7e3ee745fe04




